ran gonna beat around the bush with you
you go on blind the doctor saying
nothing they can do so we got to do with
ourselves remember how many stairs there
were oh good now what we gonna do them
one teacher three note this is the first
nerve read here yeah how you're doing it
Rachel saw the world in ways no one
could imagine here like you see like
that hummingbird outside the window fast
I can't hear her didn't I just gifted me
he broke barriers no one thought
possible if you want me to do something
special I'm gonna need my own van okay
but you're gonna have to make it work
ray yeah I won't make it do what it do
baby yes he played what no one else dare
nobody's ever combined R&B and gospel
before you're turning goth music
innocence all y'all want me to keep
playing let me he say
cannot hit my own you don't know
he feels a risk cuz he figures that's
the way to tell she's good-looking at
night
are you feeling right Coulee baby you
give you those drugs worth losing
everything
hey this isn't some judge in Indiana our
lawyers will do what they can when I
walk out that door I walk out alone in
the dark trying to do something nobody
ever done in music and business
the innovator of soul Ray Charles
we're giving you a state-of-the-art deal
here some producible records I was one
infected add all my mast is to Ray we've
never done that before
that's a better deal than Sinatra gets
yeah Jamie Foxx
bye-bye
Oh
ray
a Taylor Hackford film